It doesn't work. Steady as a rock.
Y-Your punch is not bad.
Seriously?
In terms of striking power,
he might be on par with Nanami.
Doesn't this mean...
This curtain is very sturdy.
We must find a weak spot, and try to
punch a hole, even if just for a moment.
If we can't get in,
we won't be able to do anything.
Eh? Why?
You're asking why?
Listen, this curtain is prohibiting
sorcerers from entering.
It's a kind of barrier.
Barriers are to protect oneself
from all sides, right?
In theory,
the one who casts the curtain
would usually stay inside it.
But... at Harajuku...
I see.
By staying outside the curtain,
the caster increases the risk
of being detected, but in return,
the curtain's strength increases.
Like the Egg of Columbus?
What egg?
But... this completely goes against
the basics of barrier technique.
That's crazy.
No wonder Itadori couldn't break
the curtain with that punch.
It can be inferred that
the curtain's source of origin
should be somewhere obvious?
Taking a higher risk of being discovered
to further increase strength?
Somewhere obvious...
22:01 SHIBUYA CERULEAN TOWER
Will the sorcerers notice?
Inside this curtain,
this is the most obvious spot, right?
I guess so.
But even if they find us.
Yes.
The lower floors are crawling
with those transfigured humans.
They probably cannot come up so easily.
A wire?
This is quite useful.
Do they...
know about commissioned curtain?
Great, exactly as we planned.
This is the source of the curtain.
Yeah, according to Miss Mei,
a barrier technique has already
been placed inside that thing,
and all that's left is for someone
to channel cursed energy into it.
In other words, as long as
we destroy this thing,
we can deal with
the curse users later, right?
There were actually three?
The curtain hasn't been pulled up yet.
Where are the other two?
It's him!
Fushiguro, undo Nue!
Grandson.
Yeah, I know, Grandma.
Now that I have to
take care of my juniors,
I have to perform well here
so that I can be promoted to...
a Grade 1 sorcerer.
Fushiguro!
Where is he?
Over there.
I didn't catch the moment
he hit the ground.
The corpse is too clean.
Although he's a sorcerer,
he did fall from the 41st floor.
Get up, you old fox!
Jeez.
Kids should be nice to the elderly.
We can't spend too much time.
I won't.
Why are you so insistent
on me recommending you?
With your cursed technique,
you'll soon be promoted to Semi-Grade 1.
I think it's important
to do things the right way.
Especially for those doing bloody work
like us sorcerers.
But I'm not very bright.
Sometimes, I don't know what's right.
So when I'm not sure, I always think...
"What would Nanami do?"
So without your recognition,
my promotion to Grade 1 is just a sham.
Oh, would you like another drink?
Makgeolli.
Auspicious Beasts Summon, Number One...
Kaichi.
It's tracking us.
Séance technique,
Auspicious Beasts Summon.
By hiding their face,
the user becomes a medium.
Then the user can summon and use
the power of four Auspicious Beasts.
Grandma, that was...
Yes, what a coincidence.
Number Two, Reiki.
Since Nanami has given me the mission,
I just can't leave them by themselves.
But I can't take these two with me.
I better finish them quickly
and go to meet up with the juniors.
Observe the facts and control the self.
No ego.
To be honest, fighting the enemy is
no harder than cooperating with this guy.
Itadori.
No problem. Just a scratch.
Full of life, futures full of promise.
You guys are indeed
worth my effort to kill.
The Divine Dog's claws can
damage even a Special Grade.
I also gave it my all.
So, why...
is he not hurt at all?
Didn't you say it won't take long?
No comment.
As I thought, he's not very strong.
But he protects the old hag at all costs.
Something's up.
I'd better end this quickly.
The atmosphere suddenly changed.
It's enough.
I know, Grandma.
I won't let you!
Toji Zenin.
What do you think, Grandson?
Yeah.
It's great, Grandma.
The best it's ever been.
1989 DECEMBER 7TH
SATORU GOJO WAS BORN
Happy birthday, Dad.
My gift for you is to show you
how I look in my school uniform.
Isn't it cute?
I'm glad that I chose that school.
I don't mind what you want to do.
But you're too confident.
You'll end up like your mother.
Do you hate Mom?
I don't hate her.
But she cheated on me, after all.
I see.
Poor Daddy.
Who are you...
Honoka...
Where's... my daughter?
I killed her.
I needed a corpse
to summon and shapeshift.
She called her mother's name before dying.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry...
It broke before I could finish.
Please let me out.
Shut up.
Why... why are you doing this...
Because my job is to kill people.
So I must have a good understanding
of the human body.
We...
were once free.
Jujutsu sorcerers were busy dealing with
the increasingly active cursed spirits.
We could earn money easily without
any restrictions if we played nice.
We curse users used to live freely
and to our hearts' content.
Satoru Gojo?
Yes, a child with the Six Eyes
born into the Gojo family.
A kid?
His bounty has already
exceeded a hundred million.
Oh, this is not a job request.
It is first-come-first-served basis.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
The power of cursed spirits
was getting stronger year by year.
I immediately understood the reason.
It's because of this guy, Satoru Gojo.
Just like an unbeatable track and field
record gets suddenly broken.
Or like, influenced by a single skater,
figure skaters start
to add spins to their jumps.
The moment Satoru Gojo was born,
the balance of the world changed.
What are you looking at, little rascal?
We were once free,
but we were deprived of our freedom
in our later years.
What a joke.
I'll never retire.
I'm going to trample the weak
until my death.
How exciting!
Really, what's with this guy?
He's not just durable, is he?
Most likely, it has something
to do with his technique.
Does he neutralize attacks?
No.
Hey, Satoru Gojo is already in Shibuya.
Why don't you abandon
the source of the curtain and run?
Your bluff is too fake.
Weren't you guys just yelling that
"Satoru Gojo was sealed"?
Otherwise, why would
we curse users be getting all hyped?
If Gojo were still safe and sound,
I would've stayed home and slept in.
Thought so, this guy can't beat Mr. Gojo.
Fushiguro, you're pretty bad at lying.
So, this guy's technique isn't something
as impressive as neutralization.
Don't worry.
Shut up.
If you don't want to fight,
then I should kill you.
It's coming!
Rabbit Escape.
Back off for now.
I've seen through his technique.
Séance technique to shapeshift?
That old hag is an Itako?
No, that's not the problem now.
Who on earth is this guy?
Is he a famous sorcerer?
Just by looking at his stance,
he's extremely strong.
Number Four, Ryu...
This kind of Shikigami is a diversion.
Are they planning to hide
behind the rabbits
and strike a large blow?
They're gone. Did they escape?
Max Elephant.
What is this?
You're quite busy,
constantly releasing and retracting.
If you're a man,
let's decide this straight away.
That's not really my style.
This kid has been amazingly
powerful since the start.
It scared me quite a lot.
For now just keep attacking.
His engine is starting to heat up. Great.
A desperate blow.
My technique is Inverse.
When I trigger the technique,
the stronger the attack I receive,
the weaker it becomes.
The weaker the attack,
the stronger it will be.
No one has ever been able
to escape my counterattack
after a desperate blow.
The more serious you are,
the less likely you are to beat me.
I have figured out his technique.
It's probably Inverse.
My attack that was a bit off was
more effective than yours.
Rabbit Escape isn't for attack.
Now, he's surrounded by Rabbit Escape
and he didn't escape at once.
He can still jump around lively
even after falling on the ground.
It's probably also
because of this technique.
So, can we knock him down just by
flicking his forehead with our fingers?
No, it's not effective
if the power is too weak.
If it's simply Inverse,
he should've been annihilated
by the minuscule forces
such as air resistance.
MAKES SENSE
He wasn't annihilated,
which means the range in which
he can activate Inverse has limits.
And he also adjusts it
according to the attack.
He uses cursed energy
on top of Inverse to protect himself
from techniques and slashing attacks.
I see.
So he can't beat the superhuman Mr. Gojo
and he's also not very good at
dealing with complicated techniques.
Then we attack at the same time.
Hit him at the same time with great force
and just the right amount of weak force.
Yes, but he mustn't realize
that we've figured out his technique.
We need to keep giving our all
to show our power.
We start with the weaker Toad,
and then we launch
all the attacks at once.
They...
When did they notice?
However...
Don't get carried away
with just this bit of skill.
Brats!
He stopped right before.
He stopped just before
and adjusted the power.
Turns out you can pull off delicate tasks.
You think so?
And then, little Satoru
from the Gojo Family was sealed.
-Hmm, ah, yes.
-Are you not interested?
Hey, it was Geto who told me about this.
My bad, sorry!
Next episode, Blunt Blade.
Remember to watch
in a bright room and at a distance.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm